Let's have a look at an application that demonstrates these voting rights.
There are a few minor differences between how this application works and how you would run an election for public office,
but they accomplish the same thing.  

Here we have the outcome of the election titled "Spoiler Alert".
In the "Ballots" section, you can see all the ballot confirmation numbers.
You can personally verify that your vote was cast by looking up your ballot confirmation number here.
You can personally verify that your vote is accurate by looking at the rankings listed next to your ballot confirmation number.
If you did not vote,
you can make sure your vote was stolen by making sure your name does not show up in the "Who Voted" section.
In an election for public office,
you would have been given your voter confirmation number ahead of time,
so you would just check to make sure your ballot confirmation number was not listed among the ballots cast,
verifying the same thing in a different way.
Notice how your ballot is kept secret.
Your name is not displayed with your ballot.
The time you voted is not displayed with your ballot.
The ballots are sorted by the randomly generated ballot confirmation number.
The ballot confirmation number was generated by a cryptographically secure algorithm,
which is a way of saying there is no way to get information from the confirmation numbers by looking for patterns.

If you look at the rankings, you can see that your entire preference is expressed,
you are not limited to expressing only your first place vote.
This allows your preference to be taken into account as each candidate to be compared against each other candidate.
If you are only able to express your first choice,
when your second and third choices are compared,
your preference can not be taken into account,
because you weren't able to record that information into your ballot.

Let's take a closer look at how being able to express your entire preference allows you to avoid having to vote for the lessor of two evils.
In the "Rankings" section, we see that "Minor Improvements" got first place, "Status Quo" got second place, and "Radical Changes" got third place.
This is trivially easy to justify when we look at all combinations of candidates two at a time.
We know that Minor Improvements must be ranked higher than Status Quo,
because 7 people preferred Minor Improvements over Status Quo,
and only 3 people preferred Status Quo over minor improvements.

/show how data is derived/

Compare this to how the common "first past the post" style of elections work,
If those who favor "Minor Improvements" and "Status Quo" vote honestly,
they get their worst case scenario.
This motivates them to collude to vote dishonestly,
by deciding a winner among themselves first to throw the election.
First past the post elections can be sabotaged by controlled opposition,
all you have to do is produce a candidate similar to the one you are opposing,
splitting the votes on the other side.
By comparing all candidates two at a time,
you eliminate the motivation for all this nonsense because voting honestly becomes the best solution.

So lets review your voting rights.
You can verify your vote was cast, and cast accurately by looking up your ballot confirmation number.
You can see all the rankings for every ballot, so you can tally the votes yourself.
Your ballot is secret.
You don't have to worry about illegitimate votes cancelling out yours because you can see who voted.
You don't have to vote for the lessor of two evils, as every pair of candidates takes your preference into account.
